greetings friends
my sources is a benevolent alien his
name is mithi SiC the fix these messages
are derived from face-to-face meetings
not from channeling of any kind note
from Michael this message may require
that you listen more than once for a
clearer understanding message number
four the physics affix explains why are
there so many different races of humans
on this planet and how the elite are
limiting their own spiritual development
the big differences in ethnicities on
your planet are the result of many
groups from different levels of
consciousness that were directed here a
great mix of ethnic groups advanced with
very ignorant deviations of personality
and wickedness have more fertile field
among the most favored the better and
more comfortable lives a race here
the better the chances have not evolved
on a planet with so many social
disparities because the liability with
respect to disadvantaged ethnic groups
should be a priority for a real attempt
to stabilize the planets aura the
comfort should be connected directly to
the conscience if someone was well born
and lived irresponsibly
enjoying his current condition with an
abundant life regardless of an equal
which has little chance of staying alive
certainly not return for several
incarnations as an athlete or rich to
realize the same mistakes this is not
punishment from God no it is a
misconduct for which you created
yourself the Betty you are born as
humanoid the greater your responsibility
towards the less fortunate richness
Beauty athleticism health these are
trials more important than you realize
many people fail when it reaches these
points many lose many incarnations until
they develop the balance of awareness
needed to realize what is right and what
is superfluous you can see people that
live longer others in regions where
their food contains no preservatives and
poisons of which only increase the
profit of your industries those who are
well-off they always want more even if
it take a little more of those who have
almost nothing many recycle the misery
and ignorance of their own people to
maintain control and power in a society
level 1 these discrepancies
to disappear consciousness will take the
reins of Social Development and there
will be a huge respect for your fellows
even the humblest human rights need not
be written on paper must be born in the
conscience of each and be part of the
third eye the one that observes and
integrates your soul to the universe
which will be at your fingertips
friends take a huge quartz crystal break
it until it turns into dust if you look
at the dust of crystal under a
microscope you'll see thumbnails of the
larger crystal identical and even the
smaller pieces will have the same
piezoelectric characteristics similar to
the larger in the right proportions of
power we are the small bits of crystal
we have the same features as our Creator
but we are still only very little ones
the more we unite the larger the crystal
and subsequent power we will form
together